the scale of Destruction inflicted on
Gaza by Israeli forces over the past
month is unprecedented a new analysis by
two us-based researchers James
vanderhook and Corey Sher and AJ Labs
shows the extent of the devastation
Stephanie Decker has been looking at
some of the
data Palestinians in Gaza have seen
their lives destroyed and their homes
obliterated but it's really when you
take to the sky and look from above
which gives you a sense of the damage
now we've got some interesting research
to share with you those red dots that
shows you what is building destruction
now this is research by us researchers
and also Al jazer Labs what you're
looking at this is 3 weeks into the war
well let's move forward we've got here
just a week later look how much more
widespread that damage is and what does
that mean we're talking about homes and
lives destroyed and what does this mean
also when you look at this map we're
talking about Gaza City B hanon these
are all densely populated areas when we
talk about densely populated this is
what that looks like again Gaza City you
see there dark black areas this is how
many people live there civilians no one
can leave Gaza um so if we superimpose
those red dots and remember this is
building destruction just look how
extensive that is jabalia refugee camp
for example the densest place in Gaza
Gaza City essentially the capital so
when we look at the numbers what the
research found more than a quarter of
Gaza City essentially the capital of
Gaza has been destroyed Northern Gaza
over a third of it has gone so we've
looked at the North let's move South
hunis over there this of course an area
that Israel urged the people from the
north to move too saying it was safe
well you see those rat dots as well
remember building destruction in those
areas so this is why people will tell
you no one in uh nowhere in Gaza is safe
and people cannot get out what does that
mean in terms of numbers the bigger
picture the research shows
16% of buildings uh in Gaza have been
destroyed and what does that look like
well entire residential areas are
flattened in one of the densest Urban
environments in the world and un
facilities hospitals and other places
where thousands of people are Sheltering
well they're supposedly safe places but
they've also been targeted by
Israel